AIP-58: Add Airflow ObjectStore (AFS) (#34729)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/core-concepts/objectstorage.rst

    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

.. _concepts:objectstorage:

Object Storage
==============

.. versionadded:: 2.8.0

Airflow provides a generic abstraction on top of object stores, like s3, gcs, and azure blob storage.
This abstraction allows you to use a variety of object storage systems in your DAGs without having to
change you code to deal with every different object storage system. In addition, it allows you to use
most of the standard Python modules, like ``shutil``, that can work with file-like objects.

> Support for a particular object storage system is dependent on the providers you have installed. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for a particular object storage system depends on the providers you have installed. For
```

example, if you have installed the ``apache-airflow-providers-google`` provider, you will be able to
use the ``gcs`` scheme for object storage. Out of the box, Airflow provides support for the ``file``
scheme.

.. note::
    Support for s3 requires you to install ``apache-airflow-providers-amazon[s3fs]``. This is because
    it depends on ``aiobotocore``, which is not installed by default as it can create dependency
    challenges with ``botocore``.

.. _concepts:basic-use:

Basic Use
---------

> To use object storage you instantiate a Path-like (see below) object with the URI of the object you
> want to interact with. For example, to point to a bucket in s3 you would do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use object storage, you need to instantiate a Path-like (see below) object with the URI of the
object you want to interact with. For example, to point to a bucket in s3, you would do the following:
```
